Mission Statement:
Our website serves to provide nutrition information in an easy to read format targeted for individuals based on age and biological sex. In a world of increasing information and data, it is easy to become overwhelmed and confused when so many charts and information are too cluttered and scattered. Therefore, we created this website
--------------will finish in about half an hour----------
Iron:
Iron is a mineral essential for basic body growth and functionality since it is part of your blood that transfers oxygen from your lungs to tissue. It is needed for physical growth and neurological development as well as muscle metabolism. We recommend getting iron from most lean meats, seafood, and spinach.

Fiber:
Fiber is a carbohydrate that your body cannot digest. There are two types of fiber: insoluble and soluable. Insoluble fiber helps prevent constipation and gut infections while soluable fiber can help lower your cholesterol as well as your blood sugar. We recommend getting insoluble fiber through fruits with skins, such as apples and pears, and uncooked vegetables like cauliflower and broccoli. For soluble fiber, we recommend oats barely, and dried beans.

CALORIE 
The total number of calories a person needs each day varies depending on a number of factors such as a person’s age, sex, height, weight, and level of physical activity. In addition, a need to lose, gain, or maintain weight affect how many calories one should consume. Thus, the number of calories needed to maintain a healthy caloric balance for various age and sex groups depend on three different levels of physical activity. For adults, the reference man is 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighs 154 pounds. The reference woman is 5 feet 4 inches tall and weighs 126 pounds.

Vitamin A:
Vitamin A is the name of a fat-soluble retinoid involved in immune function, vision, reproduction and cellular communication. The vitamin is critical for vision function and cell growth and differentiation in the heart, lungs, and kidneys. Since Vitamin A is a fat-soluble nutrient, we recommend consuming the vitamin with fatty foods such as fish and eggs.

Vitamin C: 
Vitamin C is the name of a water-soluble vitamin that is naturally present in foods and available as a dietary supplement. This vitamin is involved in protein metabolism, tissue healing, and is also regenerates other antioxidants within the body. Fruits and vegetables are the best sources of vitamin C such as citrus fruits, tomatoes, red and green peppers, and brussels sprouts. We recommend ingesting raw or minimally cooked food sources to prevent the vitamin from breaking down.

Vitamin D: 
Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin that is naturally present in few foods, added to others, and available as a dietary supplement. It is also produced from ultraviolet rays contact the skin to trigger vitamin D synthesis. Vitamin D is especially important with calcium absorption, bone growth, and bone remodeling. Without sufficient vitamin D, bones can become think and brittle. The few foods that contain this vitamin are fatty fish (salmon, tuna, and mackerel), fish liver oils, cheese, and egg yolks. Thus, we recommend pairing sunlight exposure with food containing vitamin D.

Potassium:
Potassium is an electrolyte, or mineral, found in various foods and is available as a dietary supplement. This is present in all body tissues and is required for normal cell function such as proper nerve transmission, muscle contraction and kidney function. Since most people do not ingest enough potassium in their diets, we recommend increasing consumption of fruits and vegetables since these foods have the highest density of potassium. 

Calcium:
Calcium is the most abundant mineral, or electrolyte, in the body. It is found in some foods, added to others, and available as a dietary supplement. This mineral is required for blood vessels contracting and dilating, muscle function, and nerve transmission. Most of the body’s calcium supply is stored in the bones and teeth where it supports their structure and function. We recommend ingesting calcium in the forms of diary and vegetables. These sources include milk, yogurt, Chinese cabbage, kale, and broccoli.
